The-Challenger
==============
The app based solely on the spirit of competition.

People love competition and game apps that let them beat their friends.  The problem for these competitors is they are forced to play the game they are given instead of being able to make their own.  The Challenger is an app all about challenging friends to see if they can out do you.  Example: challenge a friend to beat your best mile time.   
The app will be a game to get points that are awarded by beating the challenges set by your friends.  There will be a login feature and once logged in you can send "challenges" which you can write up yourself or use some default challenges given.  Easy, Medium, and Hard tasks can be given with a 1,2,3 point system respectively.  Honesty is required by the person doing the task and will click a "completed" or "failed" button; upon completion the score will increase against that friend.

Social Context:  connect to real world things.

	The challenger is an app that brings people together using fun and creative means.  Using the spirit of competition, the app can effectively kill boredom, be used as a source of motivation, and keep people connected.  The app can be used in a large variety of ways which makes it useful for people of all ages.  The basis for the app comes from the simple childhood game, Truth Or Dare (without the truth part).  Some social effects this app will have is getting people out of their comfort zone and to do things apart from a persons day to day activity.  Having new uncomfortable and difficult challenges daily keeps people from getting stuck into boring routines which gives their day a fresh feeling they wouldn’t normally get to look forward to.  This app could also positively effect the world one small challenge at a time. For example a challenge could be “Plant a tree today”, which is an easy and beneficial way to get people helping the environment while still having fun through joy of completing challenges from friends.  The app could also be used for individuals who need help with motivation.  Competition and task completion are two powerful psychological factors that can be used as sources of motivation.  This app  uses both by seeing if people have the capability to accomplish the task you set.

Scenario 1: 2 friends want to start working out together to keep each other motivated but they can’t always find a good time for both of them.  With this app one of them can workout first and record all his times and weights.  He then would send a challenge to his friend to match or beat him.  While its not nearly as good as the other person being there, its still more interpersonal and fun than working out alone.  	

Scenario 2:  A person is looking to spice up his/her life.  They want to have fun while still feeling like they aren’t wasting their time.  So He/she goes on The Challenger and goes through some of the default challenges.  The first challenge he receives is “run a mile” however, he has a hurt ankle and can’t run so he presses skip to the next challenge “plant a tree”.  He likes this one so he goes outside to plant the tree and when he’s done he goes on to his next challenge.

Scenario 3:  A group of 5 friends find this app and think it’s a good idea to start a dare war between all 5 of them.  One person chooses the challenge for the other 4 and once that challenge has been completed by the other 4 or time has run out 
